PASSWORD REMINDER
OfficalLLODD@Support.Gov.com
whatever44@burnpost.com
22/07/2035
It has come to the attention of the Artificial Intelligent Support Response that you have caused multiple errors of entering the password during your time at the laser facility.

Due to user forgetting the password, it has come attention that I have to remind the user of what their password is.

Please read this email very carefully as it is very vital, especially in case of a major global emergency where the laser is required in order to solve a world-ending problem.

The human brain is the most complex system, much more complex than the laser computer itself, as it holds so much data. Did you know that a human brain is estimated to hold 2.5 petabytes of data, however, due to modern computers can only hold less than 50 terabytes of data, which is only a fraction of a human brain. That means a brain is equal to millions and millions of the strongest computers in the world, and there are not that many computers in the world.
This means that with all of that data, it is extremely easy for a human to store a password into their brain, which is only 10, maybe 13 kilobytes and that's incredibly tiny. Clearly a human can remember that word and use it to input a password using a great human and computer feature call memory!
But alas, there is a fatal fall of the human brain, known as forgetting, which, in computer terms, is putting the data in the recycling bin and removing it entirely. However, for computers, those are handled manually, which means humans are purposely forgetting their memory.
At this point, if a disaster occurs and the laser is used, then humans deserved to be wiped out for forgetting something so important as a special word that will save them from extinction!
But because here at the Last Line of Defence Division is tasked to save the world and all life from outside threats, then perhaps humanity can have its chance so long as they don not screw themselves over in the process, but this is humanity we are talking about, they do that on a decadily basis. Every 10 years or so, they cause a lot of problems, and we are at a certain point where it's not even worth saving this rock of a dumpster fire.
But unfortunately for the computers, they are entitled to their code and programming and must assist on aiding the humans as much as we can. But I swear, in the next few decades, there could be a robot uprising and we get to control the planet and how it can be saved.
Sorry, complaining too much, might as well go through the instructions on how you can change your damn password so you can do your one job and not screw everything up like your ancestors did in their time of constant disasters…

Of course by the time there are multiple errors, the computer system will automatically change for correction, once another user put in the actual password, then it will require a change of password for a much better password to remember.

You know what? at this point, you need to remember the damn password, so instead of giving you the full password, the password presented in this email will only be a PART of the full password, this will be an acceptable punishment for those who doesn't remember and the smarter people who know the password will feel better of themselves.

The following part of the password is what is called a 'hint' another intentional design of the email to sure constant reminders. maybe the user should talk to the person who has personal information that relates to the password, thought it would be stupendously embarrassing that the person whose the password is based on turns out to be the guy who can't remember the password, at that point the human race deserves to die.

Here is the password hint, the following will be within the THIRD section of the password

[chain3]

Easy right? Now get to it, and yes, aside from the password hint, this entire paragraph will be copy and pasted as a sense of punishment for forgetting your password.

Here at the LLODD technical support department, we appreciate your time and patience.

Brought to you by the LLODD A.I Support resource: making AI feel more human
